Add Governing Board meeting minutes (#43)
confidential-computing/governance: Board Meeting Minutes/CCC Board Minutes 2020-03-12.md

**Governing Board Conference Call -- 7:00am PST**

**12 March 2020**

1.  **Call to Order / Roll Call**

    1.  **Premier Members of the CCC**

        1.  Philippe Robin (Arm)\*

        2.  Sergio Leunissen (Oracle)\*

        3.  Mike Bursell (Red Hat)\*

>         4.  Dave Thaler (Microsoft)\* (TAC Chair)

Reviewer: I don't see Stephen Walli in the list of members in any of the minutes, why is that?

        5.  Ron Perez (Intel)\*

        6.  Michael Cheng (Facebook)\*

        7.  Gilad Golan (Google)\*

        8.  Peixin Hou (Huawei)\*

    2.  **Guests / Observers**

        1.  Richard Searle (Fortanix, General Member Rep)\*

        2.  Seth Knox (Outreach Chair)

        3.  Simon Johnson (Intel)

        4.  Stephano Cetola (Linux Foundation, Acting Secretary)

    3.  **Not in attendance**

        1.  Xiaoning Li (Alibaba)\* 

        **\*voting member**

2.  **Agenda Items & Motions**

    1.  The board approves the minutes of the February 27, 2020 meeting

>         with no abstentions or objections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        with no objections, and no abstentions other than the TAC chair.
```

    2.  The board approves the Outreach expense for Linux Foundation
        Creative Design Support Services at a 'PLUS' level for an annual

>         cost of \$15,000. No abstentions or objections. It should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        cost of \$15,000. No objections, no abstentions other than the TAC chair. It should be
```

        project approval (TAC vs GB with regards to questions regarding
        trademark search. \[in progress\]

    4.  \[Stephen/Stephano\] Start the process of the F2F in Austin.
        \[done\]

4.  **Code of conduct**

    1.  Stephano will create a distribution list which will be closed to
        voting board members (<conduct@confidentialcomputing.io>) for
        now, and will likely be changed in the future.

    2.  The code of conduct will be updated via pull requests on GitHub.
        TAC will head up those changes.

    3.  The TAC is advised to recommend projects use the Contributor
        Covenant 2.0, and if they want to use another code of conduct,
        they should provide that document and highlight the differences.
        This will be proposed to the board next meeting to vote on.

    4.  As projects receive code of conduct complaints, they should
        notify the reflector so that the CCC can stay informed of these
        issues. This will also be brought up in the next governing board
        meeting for a vote.

    5.  The suggestion was made that we start all our meetings with a

>         Code of Conduct disclaimer. Stephen will research that and get

Reviewer: Stephen is not listed in the roll call of these minutes, was he present?

Author: No, he was not. I've called out Philippe as the acting chair for that meeting, good point.
